I have seen it in my dreams
even in the shadows
the cries that don't reach them
The me of tomorrow
No matter how hard I depict
is drenched in desires that won't disappear
Catching the falling pieces
with these hands of mine
and holding my swaying heart
I leap into the night
Even though I depend on someone
there is nothing else that I wish for
My true self is right here
don't close your eyes
Blown in the wind
like a discarded junk
that nostalgic smile
No matter how I pray
for the me of tomorrow
those distant answers are fading
This frozen body and
this fragment of feeling
before they rot away
leap past the night
Even though I depend on someone
there is nothing else I desire
My true self is right here
don't close your eyes
To live for the sake of others
this moment may count for everything
gently cast aside your fake self
and just be who you are